Dasharo stability M.2 Wi-fi test suite (#594)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified-test-documentation/dasharo-stability/02-m2-wi-fi.md

# Dasharo Stability: M.2 Wi-fi

## Test cases common documentation

**Test setup**

1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: firmware](../../generic-test-setup/#firmware).
1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: OS installer](../../generic-test-setup/#os-installer).
1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: OS installation](../../generic-test-setup/#os-installation).
1. Proceed with the
   [Generic test setup: OS boot from disk](../../generic-test-setup/#os-boot-from-disk).

## SMW0001.001 Wi-fi connection after cold boot (Ubuntu 22.04)

**Test description**

This test aims to verify that the Wi-Fi card is detected and working correctly

> after performing a cold boot. The test is performed in multiple iterations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after performing a cold boot. The test should be performed in multiple iterations.
```
